mom's gonna love this treat
hey you thought about what you want for
christmas you want the bike don't you to
enhance what I got which is a lot more
than that Melissa Thomas I'm telling you
nicely get two young boys were her
destiny boys get out my dad was making
help and I never go past second base
with a guy I just met which means
nothing below the waist
boys were her weakness pop yeah
I'm pregnant my daughter's a my
doing as I trapped here in disgrace
I wish that you were never born how
could go until one boy I didn't have a
boy a girl changed everything so he's
gonna grow up and be just like me from
director Penny Marshall because the
story of a girl whose dreams took an
unexpected turn
what's one bad day right please just
advice desk over five days change
everything if you want to change your
life I may not be the perfect guy but
nobody will love you like me Bev this
for experience the plans we make the
risks we take and the people in our
lives who make it worth the ride
[Music]
drew barrymore mommy it's gonna go do
something that's gonna change the rest
of our riding in cars with boys how do I
look
you like beautiful mommy
[Music]
[Applause]